Add changelog for #1215 (#1218)
osohq/oso: docs/content/any/project/changelogs/2021-09-29.md

- Unification constraints on dot properties are no longer elided when emitting 
  partial results for queries over multiple unbound variables.

### Node.js

#### Breaking changes

{{% callout "Warning" "orange" %}}
  This release contains breaking changes. Be sure to follow migration steps
  before upgrading.
{{% /callout %}}

> ##### Undefined attributes now error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Accessing a nonexistent property on an object now errors
```

> To help with catching erroneous policies, accessing an undefined attribute
> on an object will now return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help with catching erroneous policies, accessing a property that doesn't
exist on an object or anywhere in its prototype chain will now return an error.
```

Policy:

```polar
allow(user, "read", "document") if user.isAdmin;
```

Code:

```js
const user = {name: "notanadmin"};
await oso.isAllowed(user, "read", "document");
```

> Before this would silently fail, since `user.isAdmin = undefined` in JavaScript, and
> `undefined` is not `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this change, this `isAllowed()` call would silently fail. Oso would look up the
nonexistent `isAdmin` property on the `{name: "notanadmin"}` object, which returns
`undefined`. Since `undefined` is not equivalent to `true`, the `isAllowed()` call would
fail, but the developer wouldn't have any idea that they'd written a policy that referenced
a nonexistent property.
```

> Now, this will error since `isAdmin` is not a property on `user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, this will error since `isAdmin` is not a property on the `user` object.
```

> This will still work (1) if `user = {isAdmin: undefined}`,
> and (2) by instead using the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will still work if (1) the `isAdmin` property is explicitly set to `undefined`
(e.g., `user = {isAdmin: undefined}`) or (2) the property check is moved into the head
of the rule:
```

```polar
allow(user: {isAdmin: true}, "read", "document");
```

> since specializers will not error if a field is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since specializers will not error if a property doesn't exist (but the `{name: "notanadmin"}`
object will fail to match the specializer and the `isAllowed()` call will still correctly
return `false`).
```
